How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    IT narrows down the field of potential bugs to the changes that was made
    from the old version to the new version, potentially saving the software
    engineer many hours of work.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It would enable me to go back to previous versions of the code where a
    certain element worked as intended and use that piece of code as a guideline
    or perhaps even replacing my current new version with the old code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros is that people working on the code wouldn't be able to correct the
    same mistake twice or change something that would interfere with something
    that someone else would be working on. The cons is that the Git approach
    prevents flexibility in larger teams of coders and downtime for some coders
    who would want to change things in a document which is being used by someone
    else at that given moment.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Git is built for programming where a piece of software often consists
    of multiple pieces of code, imported into one another, whereas google docs as
    far as I know is mainly used for write documents that are not depending on
    changes occurring in other documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can compare each version of a given file with the version before it,
    until you get to the very first version of the file, at that point you'll
    have the entire history of the file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Knowing that I have a backup of all the previous version of the file that
    I've tested and verified that it is working would make me less hesitant to
    change and potentially break things, since I the safety of previous working
    versions in my backup directory.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Working on larger files and break thing, intentionally and unintentionally,
    to test the limitations of Git. I'd also like to explore other capabilities
    of Git

Now that you've learned about some version control systems, and how they can
help you save the history of a file, go add the following question and your
thoughts on it to your reflections file:
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By accessing previous versions of my file without bugs or with certain
    features that I might need, would drastically speed up my workflow.

    When you've updated your document, click "Next" to learn about some
    differences between these version control systems.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    	I want to test out working with a project with several files, to see and
      test how the commits are effecting the workflow. I’d furthermore like to
      break programs on pupose and take large risks to, in order to partly or
      fully restore prior working version of the software.
