What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Git Bash creates a .git file that contains all the repository and commit
    information, which will be needed for later git log, git checkout and
    other git commands.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area offers flexibility in terms of what files you deem
    necessary to save, giving the user flexibility in this aspect allows for a
    better overview of the workflow and the commits made during the work
    session. See http://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/ for commit message
    guidelines. Add a few more lines to test commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    By updating the staging area so that there will only be one logical change
    in each commit.

Reflect : What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
your history organized? How would branches help?

    When trying out experimental features that might break the program, while
    you still need to develop the core part of the program. When you are
    collaborating with other people, who are working on different parts of the
    software and you need to merge all the features at a later stage. The master
    branch is the production quality branch, that never breaks always works,
    then you have to other branches for experimental features or new features
    in general.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    They improve my understanding of the parent and commit relationship and the
    reachability and merging aspects of branching in software development.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    A new branch tip, with the changes from the different branches merged
    into one branch. To get a better understanding of how the commits are
    branching out and merging back together, and to easily get an overview
    of the reachability of the branch system.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    The pro is the efficiency and time saving aspects of the merging when the
    merging process is obvious. The cons is the need for time consuming and
    manual interference.
